README: refresh (#7872)
tldr-pages/tldr: README.md

for command-line tools, that aims to be a simpler, more approachable complement
to traditional [man pages](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Man_page).

Maybe you are new to the command-line world; or maybe just a little rusty;

> or perhaps you can't always remember the arguments to `lsof`, or `tar`?

Author: We may want to revert this change if we want more emphasis on the questions being asked.

Reviewer: I slightly prefer the questions. With the semicolons, the text seems a bit like it's describing the reader (and therefore assuming their knowledge, or rather, the lack thereof) rather than explicitly making guesses.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Maybe you're new to the command-line world? Perhaps you're just a little rusty or can't always recall the arguments for commands like `lsof`, or `tar`?
```

Thoughts on this?

* I think starting sentences with a connective is always questionable. I wouldn't go as far as to say invalid, but nice to avoid.
* Using maybe/perhaps (basically synonyms) 3 times in a bit uncomfortable to read.
* Usually a sentence (in English) should have a verb and a noun, a sentence like "Or just a little rusty?" doesn't meet this, so it doesn't seem like a valid sentence.
* Users that are new to command line or don't know what `lsof` or `tar` might not be able to infer that those are examples of commands.
* Use of apostrophes, just for the sake of reducing the word count a bit. It doesn't do much but hey I tried. ^-^'

All changes are subjective, and you can ofc pick and choose which points you agree with or not.

Reviewer: I'm OK with Seth's proposal :+1:. All points of the reasoning are sensible.

![animated svg of the tldr client displaying the tar command](images/tldr.svg)

This repository is just that: an ever-growing collection of examples
for the most common UNIX, Linux, macOS, SunOS, Android and Windows command-line tools.

## How do I use it?

A popular and convenient way to access these pages on your computer
is to install the [Node.js client](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr-node-client),
which is supported by the tldr-pages project maintainers:

```sh
npm install -g tldr
```

Alternatively, you can also use the [Python client](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr-python-client) which can be installed via `pip3`.

```sh
pip3 install tldr
```

Then you have direct access to simplified, easy-to-read help for commands, such as tar,
accessible through typing `tldr tar` instead of the standard `man tar`

If you just want to browse without an internet connection or installing software,

> checkout the [PDF version](https://tldr.sh/assets/tldr-book.pdf).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
check out the [PDF version](https://tldr.sh/assets/tldr-book.pdf).
```

![animated svg of the tldr client displaying the tar command](images/tldr.svg)

This repository is just that: an ever-growing collection of examples
for the most common UNIX, Linux, macOS, SunOS, Android and Windows command-line tools.

## How do I use it?

A popular and convenient way to access these pages on your computer
is to install the [Node.js client](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr-node-client),
which is supported by the tldr-pages project maintainers:

```sh
npm install -g tldr
```

Alternatively, you can also use the [Python client](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr-python-client) which can be installed via `pip3`.

```sh
pip3 install tldr
```

Then you have direct access to simplified, easy-to-read help for commands, such as tar,
accessible through typing `tldr tar` instead of the standard `man tar`.

> If you just want to browse without an internet connection or installing software,

Author: ```suggestion
If you just want to browse in the future, without an internet connection or installing software,
```
Open to other ideas here, the current sentence implies that the PDF can be downloaded without an internet connection.

Reviewer 3: My suggestion.
```suggestion
If you just want to browse without installing a tldr client,
```

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If you want an offline version without installing any software,
```
I guess I'll join in too.

> If you just want to browse without an internet connection or installing software,

Reviewer 3: My suggestion.
```suggestion
If you just want to browse without installing a tldr client,
```

check out the [PDF version](https://tldr.sh/assets/tldr-book.pdf).

For browsing without installing a client to your computer,
see the web client at <https://tldr.ostera.io>.

There are also **various other clients** provided by the community,
both for the command-line and for other platforms.
For a comprehensive list of clients, head over to our [Wiki](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/wiki/tldr-pages-clients).

## How do I contribute to tldr-pages?

All contributions are welcome!

Some ways to contribute include:

- Adding your favorite command which isn't covered.
- Adding examples or improving the content of an existing page.
- Translating pages into different languages.

All `tldr` pages are written in markdown, so they can be edited fairly simply and changes can be submitted in
pull requests here using Git on the command-line or

> using the GitHub web interface

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
using the GitHub web interface.
```

> using the GitHub web interface

Reviewer: I actually prefer my suggested wording to this one. Can you explain the reasoning g for the changes you made to it?

Author: I didn't like using Git on the command line wasn't included however the first part of the sentence I don't mind, either works for me.

![Animated SVG of the tldr client displaying the tar command.](images/tldr.svg)

This repository is just that: an ever-growing collection of examples

for the most common UNIX, Linux, macOS, SunOS, Android and Windows command-line tools.

## How do I use it?

A popular and convenient way to access these pages on your computer
is to install the [Node.js client](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr-node-client),
which is supported by the tldr-pages project maintainers:

```sh
npm install -g tldr
```

> Alternatively, you can also use the [Python client](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr-python-client) which can be installed via `pip3`.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can also use the [Python client](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr-python-client) which can be installed via `pip`.
```
Isn't `pip` an alias to `pip3` on most machines? And even if it isn't, wouldn't `tldr` still be installable with older versions?

Author: not 100% on this but machines with python2, I think  `pip` refers to python2.
I can't tell if I am correct, please correct me if I am not.

Reviewer 5: But would machines with Python2 even be able to run pip3, which needs Python3?

Well, I think we could just keep pip3, since it doesn't really matter.

```sh

> pip3 install tldr

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
pip install tldr
```

```

> Then you have direct access to simplified, easy-to-read help for commands, such as tar,

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Then you have direct access to simplified, easy-to-read help for commands, such as `tar`,
```
Just for conformity

accessible through typing `tldr tar` instead of the standard `man tar`.

If you want an offline version without installing any software,
check out the [PDF version](https://tldr.sh/assets/tldr-book.pdf).

For browsing without installing a client to your computer,
see the web client at <https://tldr.ostera.io>.

There are also **various other clients** provided by the community,
both for the command-line and for other platforms.
For a comprehensive list of clients, head over to our [Wiki](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/wiki/tldr-pages-clients).

## How do I contribute to tldr-pages?

All contributions are welcome!

Some ways to contribute include:

- Adding your favorite command which isn't covered.
- Adding examples or improving the content of an existing page.
- Translating pages into different languages.

> All `tldr` pages are written in markdown, so they can be edited fairly simply and changes can be submitted in

Author: ```suggestion
All `tldr` pages are written in markdown, so they can be edited fairly easily and changes can be submitted in
```

> All `tldr` pages are written in markdown, so they can be edited fairly simply and changes can be submitted in

Reviewer 5: I'm not a big fan of the two adverbs in a row. It sounds a little like "Can be edited fairly & can be edited easily".

How about "rather easily" or "quite easily"?

> All `tldr` pages are written in markdown, so they can be edited fairly simply and changes can be submitted in

Author: ```suggestion
All `tldr` pages are written in markdown, so they can be edited quite easily and changes can be submitted in
```

![animated svg of the tldr client displaying the tar command](images/tldr.svg)

This repository is just that: an ever-growing collection of examples

> for the most common UNIX, Linux, macOS, SunOS, Android and Windows command-line tools.

Author: Android seemed to be missing.

    npm install -g tldr

Alternatively, you can also use the fully-featured official [Python client](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr-python-client) which can be installed via `pip3`.

    pip3 install tldr

Then you have direct access to less complicated, easier-to-read help for commands, accessable through typing `tldr tar` instead of the standard `man tar`

However, if you just want to browse without installing anything, check
out the [PDF version](https://tldr.sh/assets/tldr-book.pdf),
which is always up-to-date with the most recent pages and commits.

There are also **various other clients** provided by the community,
both for the command-line and for other platforms.
For a comprehensive list of clients, head over to our [Wiki](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/wiki/tldr-pages-clients).

## How do I contribute to tldr-pages?

All contributions are welcome!

> Some ways include to contribute are:

Author: ```suggestion
Some ways to contribute include:
```

> - Adding your favorite a command which isn't covered.

Author: I have opted to use the American English version of the word favorite, however I have no issue with using `favourite`

    npm install -g tldr

> Alternatively, you can also use the fully-featured official [Python client](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr-python-client) which can be installed via `pip3`.

Reviewer: I'd actually go ahead and remove "fully-featured" and "official" from the sentence.

Author: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can also use the [Python client](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr-python-client) which can be installed via `pip3`.
```

    pip3 install tldr

> Then you have direct access to less complicated, easier-to-read help for commands, such as tar,

Reviewer: Just a couple of rewording suggestions. Not a strong stance — I'm happy to discuss adjustments.

```suggestion
Then you will have direct access to simplified, easy-to-read help for commands, such as tar,
```

Author: I agree with the changes other than the will, let's see what others think

Reviewer: No strong feelings about the "will". If you would prefer not to include it, I'd be OK with that.

accessible through typing `tldr tar` instead of the standard `man tar`

However, if you just want to browse without installing anything, check
out the [PDF version](https://tldr.sh/assets/tldr-book.pdf),

> which is always up-to-date with the most recent pages and commits.

Reviewer: Maybe we should mention the web clients which can also be used without installing anything (and are arguably more convenient than a huge document covering all pages). The PDF is likely a better choice for offline consumption, so we might want to highlight that aspect instead.

Author: Agreed, I will make a full suggestion tomorrow.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
which is always up-to-date with the latest pages and commits.
```

* "most recent" might be a bit wordy in this case, thoughts?

Author: @SethFalco your suggestion here has been applied.

There are also **various other clients** provided by the community,
both for the command-line and for other platforms.
For a comprehensive list of clients, head over to our [Wiki](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/wiki/tldr-pages-clients).

## How do I contribute to tldr-pages?

All contributions are welcome!

Some ways to contribute include:

> - Adding your favorite a command which isn't covered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adding your favorite command which isn't covered.
```

> - Adding more to an existing page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adding examples or improving the content of an existing page.
```

- Translating pages into different languages.

All `tldr` pages are kept as Markdown files right here in this repository,
so you can edit them directly and submit your changes as pull requests.

We strive to maintain a [welcoming and collaborative](GOVERNANCE.md) community.

> To begin, have a look at the [contributing guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md), and go ahead!

Reviewer: I disagree with this change as it is. If you start by saying "To begin", my expectation as a reader is that a series of steps will follow, but no others are offered here. I think the original phrasing works. Can you explain what prompted you to make this change?

Author: I can see your point there, how would you feel about changing it to something like `When starting out...`

Reviewer: Sure, but the "when" feels a bit off to me. I would prefer "If starting out..." (or something along those lines, e.g. "If it's your first time contributing to this project...").

Author: ```suggestion
If it's your first time contributing, have a look at the [contributing guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md), and go ahead!
```

> For translations, you can visit <https://lukwebsforge.github.io/tldri18n/>

Reviewer: I prefer the original wording. Why are you proposing this change?

Author: Are you referring to line 88 as well?

I assume only 87.

From the changes made above, I think it fits better with the changed content specifically new line 79 where translations as a possible option has been listed, so the subject has already been stated and now this paragraph just continues where it was left off.

Reviewer: I lost track of the line numbers now that you've made changes that affected them :sweat_smile: but IIRC, I was referring to the change "If you'd like to contribute to translations" → "For translations".

And yeah, I get your point, but I still prefer the sentence to be explicit and not depend on the reader reading the content of this file in full and in sequence.

Author: I have also lost track of this. Could you please provide a suggestion?

Reviewer: My suggestion is to just revert to the original:

```suggestion
If you'd like to contribute to translations, you can visit <https://lukwebsforge.github.io/tldri18n/>
```

> to see the current progress of all translations to see which pages need to be translated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to see the overall progress of all translations, and which translations are missing or outdated.
```

>     npm install -g tldr

Reviewer 6: ~~~suggestion
```sh
npm install -g tldr
```
~~~

Alternatively, you can also use the [Python client](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr-python-client) which can be installed via `pip3`.

>     pip3 install tldr

Reviewer 6: ~~~suggestion
```sh
pip3 install tldr
```
~~~

Then you have direct access to less complicated, easier-to-read help for commands, such as tar,
accessible through typing `tldr tar` instead of the standard `man tar`

However, if you just want to browse without an internet connection or installing software,
checkout the [PDF version](https://tldr.sh/assets/tldr-book.pdf),
which is always up-to-date with the latest pages and commits.

> Also, for browsing without installing a client to your computer,

Reviewer: Perhaps "browsing the pages", just to err on the side of explicitness?

And maybe we could expand to "without downloading any content or installing a client...", which links this sentence to the PDF option mentioned above, and covers the case of simply cloning the git repository.

> see our [web client](https://tldr.ostera.io/)  

Reviewer: I'd rather not call this "our" client, both because there are more than one ways to consume tldr-pages' content online, and because the tldr-pages project doesn't in fact manage that client. So maybe:

```suggestion
see the web client at <https://tldr.ostera.io>.
```

> 

Author: @waldyrious do you approve of these lines?

Reviewer: I'd remove the "However", and the "Also". The sentences work well without them. 

I'd also remove the "which is always up-to-date with the latest pages and commits", which is somewhat superfluous information, and is a little at odds with the premise of not needing an Internet connection :)

Author: ```suggestion
If you just want to browse without an internet connection or installing software,
checkout the [PDF version](https://tldr.sh/assets/tldr-book.pdf).

For browsing without installing a client to your computer,
see our [web client](https://tldr.ostera.io/)  

```
